Exercises (#1)
esciencecenter-digital-skills/python-ecology-lesson: _episodes/05-merging-data.md

> ## Challenge - Combine Data
>
> In the data folder, there are two survey data files: `surveys2001.csv` and
> `surveys2002.csv`.
> 1. Read the data into Python and combine the files to make one
> new data frame.

> > 2. Create a bar plot of average weight by year and by sex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> 2. Create a stacked bar plot, with the average weight on the y-axis and the year on the x-axis. Use stacked bars grouped by sex.
```

> ## Challenge - Distributions
> Create a new DataFrame by joining the contents of the `surveys.csv` and

> > `species.csv` tables. Then calculate and plot for each plot_id, the distribution
> > of observations over the different taxa.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `species.csv` tables. Then calculate and plot for each plot_id, the distribution
> of the number of observations belonging to the different taxa.
```
